There is a curious debate over the issue that governments should support scientific research with no practical value. Some believe that the government should spend more on some so-called "useful" field and expect some pay-off in his way. While others argue that this research is quite important anyway. In fact, I stand with the latter opinion, for some investment in this field could be quite beneficial.
In fact, it's difficult to define which subject is so-called "with no practical value". That's to say, all the knowledge we get in the process of exploration could have some benefits in various ways. Even something thought to be useless now could be quite important in the future. That's to say, we could hardly predict further development in science. Take the example of the Maxwell Equation. When it is discovered, people could not understand what it means. And some conclusions drew from these theories seem ridiculous. However, when the use of electricity was invented years later, this theory was used widely, for people now understand it presents how electricity is transformed from the magnet and reversely. In this way, a "useless" technology benefits the development of human beings.
Apart from this, searches on this field provide a new direction where we could make some breakthroughs to explore new things. Just like the saying goes: "Because it's there". These new discoveries could broaden the horizon of humans and enable humans to try something totally new. We used to spend much money on space exploration, which was thought to be meaningless. However, what if we need to leave our planet someday? It could be too late for us to do some research then. In this way, we should support scientific research with no practical value.	``
It is true that research in this field costs a lot, and we could not make sure how it could benefit in such a process. It is the uncertainty of this research that doubts us. But we can still improve the situation by making some good preparation. For example, a detailed scheme and some in-time review could help us to proceed our research. Several methods to make this research "practical" should also be taken into consideration to make the research more meaningful.
Investment in the "useless" research topic is a sort of investment in the future. The solid base should be built now, and then, all we need is the patient wait until we could enjoy the fruit of it one day.